Mom mom where are you
I don't have a mother anymore.
Come, I'll give you half of my luck.
Don't cry alone in the future
Li Ming has been working so late and hasn't eaten yet?
I specially made something delicious to bring to you today
Play it again.
I see you don't feel well.
What's wrong? Nothing
Suddenly forgot me 5,000
It's been so long I can't remember that life
I'm sorry, Yuning
Then I won't bother you.
Remember to eat the food, oh yes.
My mom said there was a party some time ago
He specifically told us to go together
Don't you forget.
Mr. Gu, you misunderstood.
I'm here to pay you back
Go to the industry
I'm sorry this guest I don't provide this service
Ah!
Let go of me!
Which blind dog wants to hit your grandpa?